# CS-305-T5506
Software Security

Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?
Artemis Financial is a consulting firm that specializes in individual development plans including savings, retirement, investments, and insurance. Our company Global Rain was asked to modernize its software with the most current and effective software security to protect them from external threats.

What did you do very well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall well-being? I did a good job sifting through the dependency check to identify false positives and update the necessary components to provide the most secure code. By coding with security in mind early, I am able to provide a strong foundation for the new software for Artemis Financial and address concerns earlier and faster.

What part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you? One challenge I had was developing the code for the checksum verification since this was new to me. I researched several options to create the code and used this to develop what worked best for our project. Once I completed it the first time, I was able to adapt the initial code for Project Two. Getting the chance to practice each of the pieces leading up to each project gave me the confidence to complete the final results.

How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use? Many of the techniques used in this class will be useful for any project in the future. I started with a review of the requirements and determine what areas of vulnerability would be most significant to address. Static testing helped pinpoint vulnerabilities to address. Another layer of security added was secure communication accomplished through a secure algorithm cipher, checksum verification, and certificate generation. 

How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities? I tested the code after implementing each component. Then I checked for errors and problems in the IDE, made adjustments, and tested again. For example, for Project Two, I ran a dependency check to identify known issues and update software as needed. I re-ran the dependency check to determine what other vulnerabilities still exist and remove the false positives. This often would show new dependencies that were not identified in the first round. I repeated this cycle until all false positives were removed.

What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks? Each of the small assignments will be useful in future assignments. Static testing is a great tool to separate vulnerabilities from false positives. Manual code reviews are another great practice I want to implement more. This skill I would need to practice more so I can improve.

Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment? I would share Project One with a potential employer to showcase my analytical skills. I did a great job determining the system requirements, identifying the areas of vulnerability, running the dependency check, and developing a mitigation plan. I would also share my code for the deployment of the algorithm cipher and the reasoning for selecting the one I did. 
